en: add doc about volume snapshot backup/restore across multiple kubernetes (#2406)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/restore-from-aws-s3-by-snapshot.md

summary: Learn how to restore backup metadata and EBS volume snapshots from S3 storage to a TiDB cluster.
---

> > **Warning**
> >
> > This documentation is deprecated, please see [Restore a TiDB Cluster across Multiple Kubernetes from EBS Volume Snapshots](restore-from-ebs-snapshot-across-multiple-kubernetes.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
>
> This document is deprecated. If you need to restore your cluster data from EBS snapshots, refer to [Restore a TiDB Cluster across Multiple Kubernetes from EBS Volume Snapshots](restore-from-ebs-snapshot-across-multiple-kubernetes.md).
```
